MinIO Software License

This MinIO Software License (the License) applies to MinIO source code and
compiled binaries distributed pursuant to this License (the Software). An
Enterprise Agreement means a currently paid-up and active commercial agreement
between you or your company (You) and MinIO. Your use of the Software indicates
your agreement to the terms and conditions of this License. If you disagree, do
not download or use the Software.

Unless there is currently an Enterprise Agreement in force for the Software,
the Software is offered to You under the following evaluation terms: You may
only use one instance of the Software for non-production, internal evaluation
purposes only. In case of any conflict between the terms of this License and the
Enterprise Agreement, the Enterprise Agreement shall govern.

This License does not grant permission to use the trademarks, service marks, or
product names of MinIO, except as required for reasonable and customary use in
describing the origin of the Software.

You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or remove copyright or
other proprietary notices from any portion of the Software.

MinIO reserves all rights, title, and interest in and to the Software, not
expressly granted to You under this License.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MINIO AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY (I) SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
(II) DAMAGES FOR (A) ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF
GOODWILL, OR (B) THE COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SDK, WHETHER
SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF
ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL MINIO AND ITS AFFILIATES TOTAL
CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED US$10.00. THE
NATURE OF THE LIABILITY OR THE NUMBER OF CLAIMS OR SUITS SHALL NOT ENLARGE OR
EXTEND THIS LIMIT.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The Software may depend on or incorporate other third party software subject to
open source license terms. Your use of such third party software is subject to
the terms and conditions of those licenses.